Fix broken links and redirects (#609)
plone/training: docs/javascript/development-process.md

## Code Style

> Together with [plone.api](https://github.com/plone/plone.api) we developed [Styleguides](https://docs.plone.org/develop/styleguide/), which we are enforcing now for core Plone development.

Reviewer: Style guide is two words in English. We need to fix all instances of that for Plone 6 docs. I don't have interest in updating Plone 5 docs.

```suggestion
Together with [plone.api](https://github.com/plone/plone.api) we developed [Plone style guides](https://docs.plone.org/develop/styleguide/), which we are enforcing now for core Plone development.
```

Because this one was too strict, some other people wrote [JSHint](https://jshint.com/).

> Mockup uses JSHint with the following [.jshintrc configuration file](https://github.com/plone/mockup/blob/c3b64843f913131836a09d6fde50263358d4ec3b/mockup/.jshintrc):

Reviewer: It appears that it no longer uses JSHint. This should be removed or updated with whatever is being used now.

Author: I suggest to keep it as possible for Plone 5, mark it as outdated and put a friendly note.
-> Issue https://github.com/plone/training/issues/611

Reviewer: That's a good plan. OK to ignore this suggestion and keep your change, so that we can archive it for Plone 5 Trainings.
